remember that time when Johnny stole the
potato chip family Bob nut he was like
oh going crazy
are you later got to rich that was just
great
hey guys all right not really someone
was talking about there being nasty how
could we get them to stop we don't want
to make things worse remember when
Jordan was spreading rumors about Alex
a friend of mine saw it happening and
said something about it
he asked them to explain the rumor they
were spreading when she could and it
were out
it'll be worth it just to stand up for
him even if sometimes it can be hard to
do remember Sam on the bus a friend to
hurt her unless Chris punch Stiller just
do it
my friend saw what she was about to do
and decide to ask why so Chris explained
what happened
they both told the bus driver all
because your friend stood up an axe
questions yeah but sometimes it's just
too late James and Patrick started
revenge' over a ball hitting one of them
I don't even remember who my friends all
happen but knew not to step in or else
they would get hurt too I would have his
push to them away then you could have
hurt somebody accidentally and that's
not helping anyone who's your friend who
got help Oh his name is Skylar wait
that's my friend's name - and mine do
you think
he's awesome
oh so texting after school while I said
hi know how really like you